I am creating the card game "Poker" for this project. 

I created a card class in card.py which is the custom library I am creating. I have also created main.py which will be where I will be programming the actual game. I have also created another function inside the class that announces what card the user has. This is from Lecture 9 where OOP was introduced. 

I have now created another custom library called cardChecker.py which checks if the card is valid. For example if the user inputs S5, then thats okay because the 5 of spades is a real card, however if Z34 is inputted, then it will be invalid as that is not a real card. The regular expressions library was not shown in the lectures, however I needed to use it to achieve full marks for the regular expressions park which is shown on the technical requirements, so I had to research using the python 3.14.3 documentation to validate my cards.

In lecture 8, assert is used in testing which I have used in my testChecker, where I test to see which inputs are valid and which are invalid. This is through using the custom library that I have just made: cardChecker. I can use this library as I imported the isValidCard function from the cardChecker custom library. The __name__ == __main__ is also shown in lecture 8. 

In lecture 9, OOP is introduced and now I have created a new custom library which is players.py which outlines the players which are the user and the AI that the user is playing against. The Player class is the super class, and the user and AI classes are sub classes which inherit the attricbutes of the player class, such as the name, balance and their hand. The sub classes can also have their own attributes, such as the user having position and the AI having a set difficulty. 

From lecture 7, we used the random library, which I can use to shuffle my deck of cards. I have made a new custom library called deck.py where I have made the 52 cards in the deck. I have also added a function where when a card is given to one of the players, that card is removed from the deck so the same card cannot be given to another player or the same player again. I created the deck using the for loops linked together to assign each suit every rank. 

I am now working on my main.py file, which is the game of poker itself now that I have created the relevant custom libraries. First I import the relevant custom libraries and then start the main function. Here I use the shuffleDeck function which was also used in lecture 7. Now the user and AI have become players they have been given their attributes. Using the inheritance from lecture 9, both players are given the attricutes from their super class and their own sub classes. Both players are then dealt a card each and the user is then asked to pick their second card. I am giving the user the option to pick their second card as I need to use regular expressions and I need to test if the inputs are valid or not using my custom library. The card that is entered by the user is then checked and if it is valid then it outputs "valid" and if the card does not exist then it outputs "invalid". In lecture 8, it explains why we need to use the __name__ == __main__ which is at the of my main.py and it says it is a "construct in Python is used to determine whether the current script is being run as the main program or if it is being imported as a module into another script."

At this point I was going to wrap up my assingment as I thought I already did everything the critera wanted, however I am missing the File I/O section so I decided I will add a leaderboard that the player can be added to. I did this by creating a new custom library called leaderboard.py and the scores will be saved in main. Using lecture 8, I have created the function saveScore which saves the name and balance of the user's score. A CSV file is opened and the scores are appended and written onto it. I have then written a function that shows all of the scores ont eh CSV file. The CSV file is opened and the names and balances are printed whent the function is executed. 

I have now done all of the technical requirements. Even thought the poker game is not finished, I have completed the success criteria. 